my name's axel volume low hello welcome
to the Beverly Hills Police Department
to continue this message in English
press one pound if you have homeless
people on your lawn press two stars so
what brings you to California axel
vacation looking for a killer one please
we got some evidence that points to one
the world thank you thank you mean Rufus
rabbit has gone berserk oh you got
yourself in the middle of the federal
investigation I killed the police
officer killed a friend of mine you just
keep him out of my face and out of my
Park it is a tremendous surprise
for mr. du wold have me standing right
next to him right now you know right now
can feel his body tingling bring that
man down code right on the spider hold
on tight okay
excellent
hey officers I want this man arrested
I'm sure you can explain everything well
maybe you can't explain it you're going
back to Detroit you've got to turn
yourself in man why just so happy all to
see this man going on a dead park kill
him
Serge ray I'm like dazzled by your new
look look in your heart and then finally
you have black hush puppies with a
totally retro which I love you put a
really good package together
you